1. How do I sign up for a membership?
You can sign up directly on our website by clicking the “Join Now” button and
filling out the registration form. You may also register at the front desk. Our gym is located at
19-a Mabolo St, Manila, Metro Manila.
2. What are the membership options and pricing?
We offer monthly, quarterly, and annual membership packages. Prices vary
depending on the plan you choose. Would you like me to show you the current rates?
3. How do I cancel my membership? Can I pause my membership?
Memberships can be canceled or placed on hold by visiting the front desk.
4. What are your opening hours?
Our gym is open Monday to Friday from 6:00 AM to 10:00 PM, and weekends
from 8:00 AM to 8:00 PM.
5. Is parking available?
Yes, we provide parking spaces exclusively for motorcycles. At the moment, we
do not offer car parking facilities.
6. What are your rules on proper gym attire?
Members are required to wear proper workout clothes, such as athletic tops,
bottoms, and rubber shoes. For safety, slippers and sandals are not allowed.
7. Do you have programs for weight loss, or strength training?
Yes, we provide specialized programs for weight loss, strength training, and
overall fitness.
8. What is Bulking?
bulking is to intentionally consume a calorie surplus to promote significant muscle 
and strength gains, often combined with intense resistance training. This extra energy 
is used to build new muscle tissue, which is most effective when the body has more fuel 
than it needs for basic functions and daily activities.
9. What is Cutting?
A cut is a period of eating at a calorie deficit as a means to lose body fat while 
maintaining as much muscle mass as possible. While resistance training continues to 
play a role during a cutting phase, you may not be able to lift weights with the same 
intensity as you can during a bulk. This is due to a number of factors, though the main 
one is that you have less energy available.
10. What are your workout tips for me?
FOCUS ON FORM, NOT WEIGHT. Align your body correctly and move smoothly through each exercise. 
Poor form can prompt injuries. Many experts suggest starting with no weight, or very light 
weight, when learning a strength training routine. Concentrate on slow, smooth lifts and equally 
controlled descents while isolating a muscle group.
BREATHE. Blood pressure increases during a work- out, but it rises even more if you hold 
your breath while performing strength exercises. To avoid steep increases, exhale as you lift, push, 
or pull; inhale as you release.
KEEP CHALLENGING MUSCLES. The right weight differs depending on the exercise. Choose a 
weight that tires the targeted muscle or muscles by the last two repetitions (reps) while still 
allowing you to maintain good form.
11. How to start a bulk?
To start bulking, add a given number of calories to your typical daily calorie intake. You can 
determine how much to add with a quick calculation. The goal is to promote a weight gain of 
0.25–0.5% of your body weight per week.
12. How to start a cut?
You can start cutting by subtracting a specific number of calories from your maintenance calorie 
level to promote a weight loss of 0.5–1.0% of body weight per week while maintaining as much muscle 
as possible.
13. What foods to eat during bulk or bulking?
During a bulk, it’s best to focus on foods that are high in nutrients and calorie content to promote 
rapid muscle and strength gains. In general, steer clear of high calorie processed foods. Some people 
may include these foods in a dirty bulk, in which excess fat gain isn’t a concern. However, this is 
not recommended.
14. What foods to eat during cut or cutting?
When you’re cutting, your focus should be on eating foods that are high in nutrients and lower in calories. 
These will support gradual weight loss and muscle maintenance. You’ll see that some of the foods for a 
cutting diet are similar to those for a bulk. The difference is largely in the quantity of these foods 
consumed.
15. What are your goal recommendations for me?
When deciding whether a bulk or cut is right for you, consider your starting point and long-term goals.
If you’re new to exercising and following a structured diet, it may be best to start by improving your 
food choices and slowly increasing your exercise intensity before bulking or cutting. Once you’ve 
developed good practices surrounding food and exercise, you can consider whether a bulk or cut is 
right for you. If your goal is to gain muscle and strength and you aren’t concerned with gaining a 
bit of fat in the process, a bulk may be a good choice. On the other hand, if you’re looking to lose 
fat and maintain muscle, a cut may be more in line with your goals.
FOR INDIIDUALIZED GUIDANCE, CONSULT A REGISTERED DIETITIAN.
16. Foods to eat during bulk or bulking goal?
Lean proteins: beef, chicken, fish, turkey, pork, Greek yogurt, cottage cheese, reduced fat cheese, 
protein powders, bars, and mass gainers, as well as tofu, tempeh, and eggs
Healthy fats: olive oil, avocado, nuts, nut butters, fatty fish, and seeds like chia, hemp, and 
flax seeds
Legumes: all beans, including chickpeas and kidney, navy, black, and Great Northern beans
High quality carbs: oats, quinoa, whole grain pasta, rice cakes, breakfast cereals, white and sweet 
potatoes, and white and brown rice
Fruit: apples, oranges, bananas, pineapple, grapefruit, and all types of berries
Non-starchy vegetables: peppers, asparagus, green beans, mushrooms, onions, tomatoes, zucchini, 
carrots, and celery
Cruciferous veggies: broccoli, cauliflower, Brussels sprouts, and cabbage
Dark leafy greens: spinach, Swiss chard, collard greens, and kale
Beverages: water, seltzer, diet soda, tea, coffee, kombucha, and 100% fruit juice
Occasional foods: pizza, regular pasta, baked goods, full fat cheese, high sugar breakfast cereals, 
and pan-fried meats
17. Foods to eat during cut or cutting goal?
Lean proteins: chicken breast, lean ground turkey, lean cuts of beef or pork, fish, extra firm tofu, 
high protein plant-based meat substitutes, low fat cottage cheese, low fat cheese, and eggs and egg 
whites
Limited healthy fats: olive oil, avocado, nuts, nut butters, and seeds
Legumes: all beans, including chickpeas and kidney, navy, black, and Great Northern beans
Fibrous carbs: brown rice, quinoa, sweet potatoes, whole grain pasta, oats, low sugar cereals, rice 
cakes, and quinoa
Lower sugar fruits: apples, pears, peaches, berries, melon, grapefruit, oranges, figs, kiwi, and plums
Non-starchy vegetables: asparagus, broccoli, Brussels sprouts, green beans, cauliflower, mushrooms, 
onions, tomatoes, cabbage, zucchini, carrots, peppers, and celery
Dark leafy greens: spinach, Swiss chard, collard greens, and kale
Beverages: water, sugar-free flavored seltzer, mineral water, and unsweetened coffee and tea